You must have PostgreSQL installed to run this demo.

If you have `docker` and `docker-compose` installed, the demo and all
its prerequisites can be installed with `docker-compose up`.

1. Install a database if needed

Refer https://www.postgresql.org to install database for
   your platform.

2. Install Python prerequisites

   This demo requires Python 3.5 or newer, and the packages used are:
   aiopg
   markdown
   psycopg2
   tornado

3. Create a database and user for the blog.

   Connect to the database with `psql -U postgres`
   Create a database and user, and grant permissions:

   CREATE DATABASE blog;
   CREATE USER blog WITH PASSWORD 'blog';
   GRANT ALL ON DATABASE blog TO blog;

5. Run the blog example

   ./blog.py or python blog.py

6. Visit your new blog

   Open http://localhost:8888/ in your web browser.(if it doesn't load at first, try clearing your cache )

NOTE - After clicking on comment and Likes or Dislikes, RELOAD THE PAGE to see its effect.

Initially no users are present in database, so you need to create one. You will be redirected to /login/ where you will see Need an account(user registration).

After creating one account, you will be redirected to your profile page or homePage.

On right Side you will see Trending, Sign Out, Create New post links.

Below every Post you will see "Edit" button. If You go there you can edit the post and UPLOAD THE IMAGE as well.
After uploading image you will be redirected to Profile Page. Images will be saved in uploads folder with name "n-th-post.jpg".
You can also delete the post only by you by going to "Edit" button on Profile.

On Trending page, you will see posts by all users, which have been sorted by UPVOTE/(UPVOTE+DOWNVOTE), So a post have most Upvotes doesn't necessarily be on top.
Each time you upvote or downvote the post, all posts will be sorted.

Click on titles of Post and you will be redirected to see complete post, including image, Number of upvotes and Downvotes, Whether you have upvoted this post or not.
Below the post is comment section, you can see comments by various user_id (you will be assigned user_id when you create account).
Below is comment Box for you to type.
You can either Like or DisLike.


Thanks for reading this.
